[Feature] Support MaskFormer(NeurIPS'2021) in MMSeg 1.x (#2215)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: configs/maskformer/README.md

| MaskFormer | Swin-S    | 512x512   | 160000  | 5.33     | 26.98          | 49.36 | -             | [config](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/dev-1.x/configs/maskformer/maskformer_swin-s_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512.py) | [model](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/maskformer/maskformer_swin-s_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512/maskformer_swin-s_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512_20221115_114710-5ab67e58.pth) \| [log](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/maskformer/maskformer_swin-s_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512/maskformer_swin-s_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512_20221115_114710.json) |

Note:

- All experiments of MaskFormer are implemented with 8 V100 (32G) GPUs with 2 samplers per GPU.

> - The results of MaskFormer are relatively not stable, variance of `R-101-D32` is 44.7 to 46.0, variance of `Swin-S` is 49.0 to 49.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The results of MaskFormer are relatively not stable.  The accuracy (mIoU) of model with `R-101-D32` is from 44.7 to 46.0, and with `Swin-S` is from 49.0 to 49.8.
```

- The ResNet backbones utilized in MaskFormer models are standard `ResNet` rather than `ResNetV1c`.

> - `MultiScaleFlipAug` is not supported in MMSegmentation 1.x version yet, we would add "ms+flip" results as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test time augmentation is not supported in MMSegmentation 1.x version yet, we would add "ms+flip" results as soon as possible.
```
